12/9/2023 - just started work on this iteration of this project. This project really stands on the shoulders of all the many half-finished projects that came before it. Excited to bring this project into fruition. 
12/10/2023 - I plan to have the basic model fixed by the end of the night, from there making the GUI pretty is the next priority. after that I'll need to consider moving this whole project to Android studio. A random thought: even if though you don't feel like doing something, nothing is stopping you from getting it done
12/12/2023 - I havent put time in to update this for the past few days. I havent worked on the project since my last update. I intend to have the project updated with working user input and external file saving by the end of the night.
12/13/2023 - I actually made a decent amount of progress last nigth on user input. I got some fields added in and fixed all the broken code tonight i should be able to finish updating the GUI and move onto updating the model.
12/14/2023 - The app is coming along nicely, I've decided concretely to move to Android Studio, deciding to start the move tonight, otherwise i'll need to rebuid alot more from sccratch
12/19/2023 - Got distracted with family coming to town and my wife and kids going on vacation. The app is now going to be made in unity rather than android studio. With unity the view part of the MVC is handled by the editor while the model and controller are largely based in code. As such alot of the work from the Java version can be ported over. I'll draft up a game plan for how I intend to do that tonight. I expect that things won't go according to plan and I'll need to alter things on the fly along the way, I hope to learn a lot and get a ton of experience in the process.
